hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP that's Lou J no we should you guys
need to pay mark blue J are you blue J
1344 yes yeah well thank you for the sub
that I literally just read out while you
were joining the show I didn't notice
yeah I know well I'm sure you were
talking mark either way the point is
where you come from a Kitchener Ontario
Kitchener Ontario we got a Canadian
mm-hmm what did you want to talk about
uh I honestly just want to talk about if
any fans should be worried about who
will rep us at MSI oh this is MSI caller
mark who's mentioning hmm
yeah because honestly like I just I look
at the top teams and I can't really feel
good about any of them to be honest I
guess echo fox has been kind of slipping
lately cloud9 doesn't look as clean as
they did midseason well I guess at the
start of season 2 neither of them are
look very clean and then after that it's
like well wait we're not gonna have
clutch gaming wrap us at MSI right like
solo doesn't even know how to play the
game so can I say why you don't need to
be worried okay yeah sure so this is
what's gonna happen all right if you'll
recall a couple years ago one Destin
team from North America went to MSI and
they got second place okay all we need
to have happen is SM to lose and for CLG
to get in winning their tiebreaker make
a playoff run because you have faith in
the system
you trust Tony you don't want to fire
them like an idiot on their subreddit
you have belief you know that you can't
lose once Nick Allen doesn't nama on
your sub and you just you roll straw I
love that is you go to MSI you big dick
on e you because all their talent comes
to na anyway and the the greatest thing
about it we won't even have any of those
EU scrubs repping our teams will do it
with pure
and a talent plus you know man we could
do it with one chair Cantor logic gaming
in the twitch chat right now saying the
Prophet and spamming CLG votes so
they're not sponsoring this show just
just occasionally in case your CLG
fanfic doesn't work out like are you
concerned about any other teams oh okay
we'll get destroyed if it's not sealed
no faith in TSM I have faith in cloud 9
I don't know if I am has TSM has a lot
of new players on it so I think will be
really good that's a 3/5 team you know
what I mean and that's that's like the
best bot lane from EU and the best mid
laner from EU so you just have like a
top and it remember yeah yeah he's he's
na but you know all right I think that
TSN was gonna beat c9 in the finals
which is unfortunate because I think if
c9 went to MSI we would do much better
in the finals because that's always how
this shit goes yeah TSM be twins
domestically and then like well who is
it somebody I know
I think it's Taylor Ari's tweets like
CLG would have won the svet every time
TSM goes to Internet well a veggie that
flops out it's like reminder that CLG
would have won this but no I think TSM
seems to be able to win domestically
they don't seem to be a Wyndham
internationally which is very
unfortunate for us because MSI you only
gets us on one team so whenever they
beat everybody domestically and then we
send them in and everybody we all end up
disappointed and angry and then a TSM
Legends episode comes out with like the
fall or disappointment or you know the
know about that real dark here so yeah I
mean that's the funny thing like I
actually do I love the idea of us
sending clutch to MSI because like all
the NA fans their brains would just
explode they'd be like we didn't even
know this was a team in the NA LCS and
now they're representing us at her -
Ashly what the hell's going on
just think that would be very funny is
Team Snickers oh yeah they're eliminated
from playoff yes I personally am a
little nervous about who represents to
this MSI I think like best bets are once
again probably still TSM at scene I just
because I'm concerned about echo Fox's
ability based off what we've seen the
last couple weeks c9 hasn't looked much
better I'm really concerned about
liquorice as team fighting I don't think
looks very good on especially like if
he's playing tanks or something
TSM looks alright and then I if it's not
gonna be TSM to represent us even though
they might still lose I would probably
take one of the new teams I'd rather see
clutch er there's zero mention of tal in
here you guys are
Travis you especially should be fuckin
disgusted with yourself opt o some fan
by the way says Kelby would love it if
clutch brought their social media guy
who I met in person
Coby was very very critical their social
media if you ever want to have actually
Norman I'm not gonna say I'll get back
to you here other times that Kelly self
sensors half way through a sentence on
the surprise he'd stop you're not
getting paid like he did he made a very
savage tweeted to know Winston earlier
and then deleted it oh I saw that too
yeah he said like whoa I don't know what
you guys are so help I said Oh Kelly's
making his triumphant return tonight on
the show Noah said is it really
triumphant and then Kelby says something
like more triumphant than your LCS
application or something like that you
know the opposite of your LCS Apple oh
the opposite of your el-oued and they
called it quickly deleted it I messaged
Noah on the side I just had to let him
know that I have that Twitter reply game
but you know I didn't I didn't want to
flame him like that yeah I mean it's not
even creative fuck you mark I'm just
saying like I thought it was good it's a
trump card you can play whenever you
know yeah yeah I mean he wants to fire
shots of me you know come on back to MSI
does any of this matter because the
entire thing is going to
taking place at the EU LCS Dubya so was
that no Calvi was trying to get me to go
there
I think Tina like was a boring topic for
this like I do not think that they're
gonna make it to the event they've they
seem to have an identity crisis no no no
no wait wait wait don't please don't
because I actually have no no we're
gonna tweet something else at Peter
later on tonight
trust me just just hold off I've read
Hegel it's actually hilarious you rather
than because I have a whole thing but no
no you'll see you'll see when they would
get there but no I just yeah I think
teamliquid has an identity crisis they
can't figure out what they want to be
and I don't think that they're gonna
figure it out in time so again I still
think cloud 9 is gonna I think cloud 9
is going to look really great and then
they'll loose and some dramatic fashion
of TSM in the finals and then TSM will
just go blessed her out and it'll just
be like is it but if votes the caller
earlier whoa what happened was it furry
earlier who was talking about how
potentially could be cloud nine and TSM
on the same side the bracket though for
semis I mean anything anything can
happen right now it's all you're like
because clouds in my mind I'm gonna buy
their one game ahead of clutch and they
didn't losing game so right at this
point like anything still possible yeah
yeah yeah for sure I have a quick
question if you guys don't mind
we don't have quick answers okay so by
the sounds of things Travis and Mark I
don't know about you Kelly but from the
sound of the things that you guys were
okay with TSM repping however do you
guys still feel that way if like before
this week like they just won two games
sorry no well is your your questions
we're okay okay so my question is would
you guys still feel comfortable with TSM
repping us if it was before this weekend
just happened or did this weekend change
a whole lot I personally would always
like to have big talent on big stages
players who've played in big matches and
have international experience yeah
that's fair I would say yeah I mean a
lot of this is pending how people
looking playoffs because like part of my
assumption is TSM will be good in
playoffs because it'll be a bet
a-five environment and then they'll play
better it wasn't really influenced by
this week as much though that win / c9
was nice yeah I already started
believing in Sven in myth you when they
started like taking turrets to be to
with Ezreal Brom and stuff like that so
okay I had started believing them a
little bit ago that's why I predicted
them to be c9 I just I don't think that
they were ever a question did we ever I
mean I don't know how you guys think but
I didn't think there was ever a question
that they would eventually become a
solid balling I think the question was
all I'm Mike young and if if we're now
convinced that Mike young can perform
then yeah I'd say it's NTS and they'd be
wicked it was about their bot lane was
good so much as would it's energized
with their team because they were kind
of getting blasted when they were there
were some clear synergy problems between
the bot lane and the rest of the team
yeah so there was a world right
I didn't think TSM ever worked out but I
never sold my TSM stock I just said they
were bad and they were clearly bad but I
wasn't like oh they can't get better
okay I thought golden Guardians wasn't
gonna get better but they got a lot
better yeah holy shit I yeah nice guy
nice strong a thrown in oh I gotta throw
them in man I'm doing that on purpose
hey thank you so much for calling and I
really appreciate ya thanks for having
me fellas take care thanks steed all
right mark before you before you leave
I'll just to talk about the double F
campaign now right okay
okay so yeah try and save yourself
chatter hello viewers as of right now my
twitch dashboard says there are 1000 158
of you guys watching right now
unfortunately this isn't stark contrast
to a statement made by a close personal
friend of mine recently so I as many
people have requested or suggested I
requested
doublelift to come officially on this
show doublelift said no one watches this
show and so he declined the invite so he
thinks you guys are no one I would love
to have mark me kalbi and doublelift all
on the show in the future doing talking
I think it'd be really fun we get
callers in doublelift and Kelly used to
work together they're close friends I
think that'd be great but again like SS
seems to think there is no one that
watches the show so
what I would love is if all of you if
you have a Twitter account do this if
not make it Twitter account because I
need all you guys to tweet at doublelift
what is it @ TL doublelift yeah at teal
doublelift and just say TL double if I'm
typing out on twitch chat right now hey
I watch hot line League just just tweet
hey I watch hot line League at double F
please and just if you're watching the
vaad do it just keep because he does not
think anybody watches a show and maybe
maybe nobody does
maybe I'm wrong but I this is just a
test we can check you know on Twitter to
see it may be posted to Reddit and then
a reddit mob would take it down once
they realized I said this but you know
maybe that would help - yeah just it
would be great if everybody could tweet
at teal SS yep there's a Twitter link
right there just just because again like
I think he's confused because I I feel
like people watch the show do you think
people watch this show Kelby yes Travis
I do think that people watch this show
okay good well well that's how I sell
eat sports by the way on my calls
let's find out all right so all the
everybody spamming the bot emote now in
chat spots all right we can we can move
on oh did you tweet oh yeah I
guilt-tripped him with the best friend
yeah I told him not to come on Oh worked
older brother come on work to either to
hate hot lately is not a good show I
advise you not to come on very good all
right all right yeah I shake it then
this guy yeah okay